[KEP-127] Add documentation about user namespaces and PSS (#43803)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

- `UnknownVersionInteroperabilityProxy`: Proxy resource requests to the correct peer kube-apiserver when
  multiple kube-apiservers exist at varied versions.
  See [Mixed version proxy](/docs/concepts/architecture/mixed-version-proxy/) for more information.

> - `UserNamespacesPodSecurityStandards`: Enable Pod Security Standards relaxation for User
>   NamsNamespaces. See [User Namespaces](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/#integration-into-pod-security-standards)
>   for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `UserNamespacesPodSecurityStandards`: Change enforcement (Pod security admission)
  of pod security standards, for Pods that use user namespaces. See
  [User Namespaces](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/#integration-into-pod-security-standards)
  for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: We are not changing the enforcement in any way, we are changing the policies. I think the original text is clearer. Maybe "Enable Pod Security Standards policies relaxation", is better? I changed it to that :)

I've also adjusted the link for the new title you suggested.

- `UnknownVersionInteroperabilityProxy`: Proxy resource requests to the correct peer kube-apiserver when
  multiple kube-apiservers exist at varied versions.
  See [Mixed version proxy](/docs/concepts/architecture/mixed-version-proxy/) for more information.
- `UserNamespacesPodSecurityStandards`: Enable Pod Security Standards policies relaxation for pods
  that run with namespaces. You must set the value of this feature gate consistently across all nodes in
  your cluster, and you must also enable `UserNamespacesSupport` to use this feature.

>   See [User Namespaces](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/#integration-with-pod-security-standards) for more details.

Reviewer: Oops. Should be:
```diff
-  See [User Namespaces](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/#integration-with-pod-security-standards) for more details.
+  See [User Namespaces](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/#integration-with-pod-security-admission-checks) for more details.
```

Author: Fixing in the follow-up PR.
